What's the matter?
Yuto, you know how you run in the morning?
Well, I'm going to start going
with you tomorrow...
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
I ran too much, and now I'm totally sore.
Morning, Sakurai.
Ohhh, morning.
Hey, why are you dragging your feet?
What?
Are you all right?
Uhhh... Uh, yeah.
I'm totally fine, so don't worry.
That was close. I'm too embarrassed
to tell him I'm on a diet.
Are your legs all right?
Y-Yeah, they're fine.
But...
They're fine. Really.
You two are stuck together
like glue this morning.
He's just a little worried about me.
"Employee ID
Sakurai Touko"
H-H-H-Hey, what do you think you're doing?
Oh, what's this I feel? It's so soft.
I just can't stop touching it.
Oh, come on, stop it!
Mona-chan!
Kazama-kun, help me!
Kazama-kun!
"Episode 10:
Autumn, or Ordinary Days"
Hey, is that all you're having for lunch?
Yeah, I'm on a diet.
Really? Where exactly are you
trying to lose the weight?
All over.
I gain weight about this time every year.
I hear you. In autumn the food tastes
so good. It's hard to stop eating.
"Itomaki Ramen"
Hey there!
Welcome!
Oh, Harumi, it's you!
Hey, is that flyer out front for real?
"Autumn Pork Bun Eating Contest
Winner Eats for Free!!"
Yeah, well, gotta keep trying new things.
You struggling to stay in business?
No, just got a bit sick of making ramen.
So, what are you going to do, then?
Two guys go head-to-head. The first
to finish their plate of pork buns wins!
The loser foots the bill!
Wanna give it a go?
"Wanna give it a go," you say?
There's nobody else here.
I've seen her somewhere before...
Na-Naisu tu meechu!
"Winner Eats for Free!"
Hey now, you sure about this?
It's a lot of food, you know.
Davai.
Whoa!
You're a pretty gutsy gal
to go up against Harumi.
What? You understand what she's saying?
More like her vibe.
But you know what?
This menu ain't for sissies, gal!
Ready, go!︎
Ow, that's hot!
The filling's so hot...
You win.
If you know Japanese,
use it from the get-go.
I didn't know there was
a basketball court here.
Kazama-san!
I heard you joined your
school's basketball club.
Yes, I'm having fun just
chasing the ball around!
What are you practicing right now?
I want to learn how to make baskets.
I still can't do it at all.
If you want, I can give you some pointers.
Huh?! You know how to play, Kazama-san?
Well, yeah, I used to play.
It didn't even touch the rim...
Yeah, it sure feels nice.
Just try to throw the ball high,
and that should help... I think.
Really?
With practice, you can do it, Yuto-kun.
Just try copying what I did.
O-Okay!
Lower your hips and let the power
travel to your fingertips.
I... I see.
And your left hand just acts as a guide.
Oh, a senpai told me the same thing.
I can do this.
Here goes!
Kazama-kun.
Yuto told me you taught him
some basketball the other day.
He said he had a really good time.
Yeah.
I promised him I'd do it again sometime.
Really? Could I come and watch?
Sure. But it might not be
that much fun for you.
Oh, I'm sure it will be. I'll make us
some rice balls or something.
I could eat a ton of those.
--All right, then.
--Yeah.
Let's grab a bite to eat before we leave.
Okay, how about the pizza place
in front of the station?
Oh, sounds good!
Hey, Tsukishiro!
Yeah?
Hey, thanks for your help
the other day, Takeda-san.
No worries. It turned out
to be a lot of fun.
What?
We ran into each other at Itomaki.
He split some pork buns with me.
He did?
Why'd you go there in the first place
if you can't eat piping hot food?
The pork buns I bought at the
convenience store were cold, so...
I bet they were the microwaveable kind.
Seriously?
You're a strange one, aren't you?
People often say that, but I don't know
what they find so strange about me.
Well, I'm leaving with Touko,
so if you'll excuse me.
Okay.
Well now, let's go get some grub.
A-All right.
Hey, Igarashi...
Is something the matter?
On second thought, let's go to Itomaki.
But why?
Because you look like you want
to have some pork buns.
Your face is like an open book, Igarashi.
It makes things so much easier for me.
Hey, what gives?
Thanks for helping me.
No problem. I like to cook,
so I don't mind at all.
Aw... I can't quite make them triangular.
Hey, that's totally fine. They look
cuter when they're round.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's it. Imagine the ball being
sucked into the palm of your hand.
Okay.
Hey, guys! Want to break for lunch soon?
Let's eat!
This is so good.
I'm glad. Eat as many as you want.
Thank you so much for teaching me today.
I wanted the exercise, too,
so it's no problem at all.
It's just...
Just what?
Well, actually I invited Hijikata
and the guys today, but...
...they had a scheduling conflict
and couldn't make it.
Oh...
It'd really be more fun if
a few more people were here...
In that case...
Hey!
There you are.
Everybody's here.
Oh, Kazama-san and
Sakurai-san are here, too!
Yeah, they're both here.
Hey, what are you guys doing here?
Kurobe invited us.
I invited these two without telling you.
Thank you so much!
Basketball! That brings back memories.
Takeda-san, you look like you could dunk.
Everyone, thank you for coming today!
It's our pleasure. Let's do this!
Yeah!
Everybody showed up all at once.
Sakurai?
♬ Let's split into teams using
"rock" and "paper"! ♬
♬ Hey! Hey! Hey! ♬
♬ Hey! ♬
"The Resulting Teams"
"Referee"
Let's have a good time.
Okay.
You're not going to play, Sakurai-san?
No, because my muscles
are a bit sore. I'll be the ref.
So, that was the reason why.
Okay, everybody, let's begin!
The first team to make five baskets wins.
All right! We'll make those shots!
Bring it on!︎
You're so huge!
Yuto-kun!
Ye--!
How come?!
She's a girl, so I'd better
keep my distance.
Wow! That was awesome!︎
Natsumi was the star player
at our school's ball tournament!
Wow...
Yuto-kun, you've got a bloody nose!
Guess I was lucky!
Now it's our turn! Get out of my way!
This is just too much!
I've got this!
I'm the man!
Hey, no fair! That was really immature!
I want to make cool shots, too. After all,
I am in the school's basketball club.
Hey, don't worry. If you need us,
we're there for you.
Okay!
Kazama-san...
I wonder if I can get past him. Still...
...I've got to try!
I made it past him!
Yuto!
With their second basket,
Kazama-kun's team takes the lead!
Natsumi-chan's team gets the ball!
Fight!
I won't let you win!
Okay, bring it on, Igarashi!
Senpai, please crouch down a little.
You're too big.
Well, all right...
You actually fell for it.
--She shoots!︎
--Why, you little!
Here he comes!
He's so fast!
Not too shabby!
I didn't know Kazama-san
could move like that.
That was so cool!
Were you just going easy
on your defense the last time?
You're a girl, so I didn't want
to bump into you.
Well, it's still one to three,
so let's get on with it.
Uh-oh, she's getting herself
all worked up.
Here I go.
I won't let him!
You'd better stay on your toes, okay?
"Two Hours Later"
Hey!
This is supposed to be practice for Yuto.
How long are you going to keep this up?
Sorry...
I didn't mind at all.
Actually, I learned quite a bit!
Well, we had a good time ourselves. But...
...it looks like her battery's dead.
Shall we call it a day?
Yeah, maybe I'll hit the public bath.
That's a great idea.
I'm all sweaty. I want to take a shower.
Well, I'd better get going, too.
Let's do this again sometime.
Okay! Thank you for coming today!
Huh?
No, Kazama-kun. You're coming with me.
What?
I didn't get a chance to spend
any time with you!
Wha...?
Then, Yuto-kun's coming with us.
--Huh?
--Come on, let's go.
O-Okay.
You want to get something to eat?
Yeah.
Okay, we're here.
"Minamisawa Bathhouse"
Hey, you awake?
Hey! Wh-What am I doing
on your back, Senpai?
Your battery died and you fell asleep.
Just like a grade schooler.
Okay, I'll get off of him now!
Well, we were just about
to hit the public bath.
Huh?! Guys and gals in the same bath?!
Heck no.
This is paradise.
Hey, you sound like an old fart...
Too bad you didn't get to
bathe with Takeda-san, huh?
What?! ︎That's the last thing I would do!
Hmm...
What is it?
You haven't changed a bit
since junior high, have you?
Huh?!
How much taller are you now?
I didn't mean it like that!
"Men's Bath"
It's nice have a bath
you can stretch your legs in.
Y-Yeah, I guess...
Takeda-san is a pretty big guy...
Takeda-san?
Yeah?
How can I get as big as you?
Get big? Well, I just ate and slept a lot.
I see... Diet and rest...
If you aren't fussy about
what you eat, you'll get bigger.
Oh, and most importantly, milk!
Milk...
You drink it much?
Well, my sister drinks a lot, but...
It strengthens your bones. It's perfect
if you're going to play basketball.
"Soba and Udon"
Here you go.
Thanks.
This brings back memories.
It's okay to have something
like this once in a while.
It's okay to be selfish
once in a while, too.
What?
I-I didn't say anything!
What? No ketchup?
Oh, I forgot.
Who doesn't put ketchup on it?
"Pull" "Change Return"
"Cold Drinks"
Here you go.
Thank you.
Hey!
Both of you bought some, too.
"Shiromanta Milk is Tasty! Nothing Beats
a Cold Milk after a Hot Bath"
Milk tastes so good after a bath.
Igarashi-san, if you drink it every day,
it'll help you get taller!
I do drink it every day.
Ahh...
O... Oh, and diet and rest
are also very important!
Igarashi has a hearty appetite.
And she gets plenty of rest.
Ah... Ah... Ah...
Shall we make a toast?
O-Okay!
Um, well... Thank you very much
for joining me today.
Okay, everybody. Good job today.
Cheers!
"Bottled Coa Cola Sold Here"
But why don't I get any bigger?
You're fine just the way you are.
"Carbonated Hot Spring"
"Illustration: Soyama Kazutoshi"